.TH Tn5250j 1 "December 16 2016"
.SH NAME
tn5250j \- 5250 terminal emulator written in Java.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tn5250j
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The command
.B tn5250j
is used to start a new 5250 connection to a IBM i system.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \<none>
Starting the command without option will presents a Connections screen for defining sessions. Select the configure button to define sessions when the session selection window is displayed.
.TP
.B \<host>
The first parameter must be the IP or host name to connect with.
.TP
.B \-p <port>
Port to be used. Default is port 23 if not specified.
.TP
.B \-f <file>
Configuration file. This is defined on the Session Configuration
.BR
screen under Options Tab - Configuration File Name.
.TP
.B \-t
Use system name instead of system id Host IP Address/DNS Host name.
.TP
.B \-cp <codepage>
Code Page. 37 - US default. 37PT - Portuguese. 273 - German. 280 - Italian. 284 - Spanish. 297 - French. 500-ch - Switzerland. 870-pl - Poland.
.TP
.B \-e
Enhanced 5250 option. This gives graphical windows, edit masked fields, continued edit fields, etc.
.TP
.B \-L <locale>
Specify the locale/language to be used for literals. The default is the locale of the system if it is supported.
.TP
.B \-132
Change to 27*132 column.
.TP
.B \-s <session>
Start up emulator using an existing configured session you can specify multiple of these as in -s xxxx -s yyyy and at startup the emulator will start up session xxxx and yyyy. This does not use the sessions file but the entries that are defined inside for PRE-EXISTIING session definitions.
.TP
.B \-width <width>
Start up emulator using the width specified.
.TP
.B \-height <height>
Start up emulator using the height specified.
.TP
.B \-d
If no other instances are running and the -nc options is not specified then start up the bootstrap monitoring thread.
.TP
.B \-nc
no check for other tn5250j instances that are running. A new frame will be created within another instance of JVM.
.TP
.B \-noembed
Do not add a new session tab but open in new frame. Default is embed so add a new session tab in the visible frame.
.TP
.B \-usp
Use Socks Proxy.
.TP
.B \-sph <host>
Socks Proxy Host.
.TP
.B \-spp <port>
Socks Proxy Port.
.TP
.B \-dn <device>
This option takes a device name parameter to be used by the Host. The device name is 10 characters in length and follows rfc2877.
.TP
.B \-MDI
Use the MDI interface represented by JInternalFrames instead of tabs.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tn5250 (1)